# Python-Tutorial
Python is a simple to learn, ground-breaking programming language. It has proficient significant level information structures and a basic yet compelling way to deal with object-arranged programming. Python's rich sentence structure and dynamic composing, along with its deciphered nature, make it an ideal language for scripting and quick application improvement in numerous regions on most stages. The Python translator and the broad standard library are openly accessible in source or twofold structure for all significant stages from the Python Web website, https://www.python.org/.

This instructional exercise acquaints the peruser casually with the fundamental ideas and highlights of the Python language and framework. For a portrayal of standard articles and modules, see The Python Standard Library. The Python Language Reference gives a more proper meaning of the language. To compose expansions in C or C++, read Extending and Embedding the Python Interpreter and Python/C API Reference Manual. There are likewise a few books covering Python top to bottom. 

This instructional exercise doesn't endeavor to be thorough and spread each and every element, or even every generally utilized component. Rather, it presents a significant number of Python's most essential highlights, and will give you a smart thought of the language's flavor and style. In the wake of understanding it, you will have the option to peruse and compose Python modules and projects, and you will be prepared to get familiar with the different Python library modules depicted in The Python Standard Library. 

Instructional exercise By: Bibek Gupta
